You are the person in charge of this store
Yes young master
My name is Zhang Min.
Good idea.
Is it well managed?
Your clerks and managers don't just look down on customers
Also framed for framing guests to steal things
Intention to forcibly search
That's how you usually manage
Young Master, this store is yours.
How could you steal your own stuff?
Why don't you two hurry up and apologize to the young master?
I'm sorry, young master, I can't bear it
We will never know Tarzan
Very good apology sincere and timely
But if I'm not Chen Beixuan's
What if I were just an ordinary customer?
Then you'll be stripped naked today
Insulted, framed.
Finally, it will be sent to the security bureau
Charged with causing trouble
Is it the young master?
It's all my fault
I accept the punishment, and I will fire them both.
Nothing like this will ever happen again
Young Master, forgive me
I'm old and young
Can't live without this job?
It's all him, it's all this bitch, he lied to me again?
Young Master
Sorry young master
It's all my fault
As long as you don't fire me
I am willing to accept any punishment
Mr. Zhang
Give me another chance.
Mr. Zhang, please give me another chance
You two, get out of here
Sister-in-law roll
Miss Li and I need to change clothes